docs/docs/overview/data_privacy.md, before:

## Self-hosted PR-Assistant

- If you host PR-Assistant with your OpenAI API key, it is between you and OpenAI. You can read their API data privacy policy here:
https://openai.com/enterprise-privacy

## PR-Assistant Pro 💎

- When using PR-Assistant Pro 💎, hosted by KhulnaSoft, we will not store any of your data, nor will we use it for training. You will also benefit from an OpenAI account with zero data retention.

- For certain clients, KhulnaSoft-hosted PR-Assistant Pro will use KhulnaSoft’s proprietary models. If this is the case, you will be notified.

- No passive collection of Code and Pull Requests’ data — PR-Assistant will be active only when you invoke it, and it will then extract and analyze only data relevant to the executed command and queried pull request.


## PR-Assistant Chrome extension

- The [PR-Assistant Chrome extension](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/pr-assistant-chrome-extension/ephlnjeghhogofkifjloamocljapahnl) serves solely to modify the visual appearance of a GitHub PR screen. It does not transmit any user's repo or pull request code. Code is only sent for processing when a user submits a GitHub comment that activates a PR-Assistant tool, in accordance with the standard privacy policy of PR-Assistant.

Commit message:

🚚 Rename GitHub links from khulnasoft/pr-assistant to khulnasoft/pr-action

docs/docs/overview/data_privacy.md, after:

## Self-hosted PR-Action

- If you host PR-Action with your OpenAI API key, it is between you and OpenAI. You can read their API data privacy policy here:
https://openai.com/enterprise-privacy

## PR-Action Pro 💎

- When using PR-Action Pro 💎, hosted by KhulnaSoft, we will not store any of your data, nor will we use it for training. You will also benefit from an OpenAI account with zero data retention.

- For certain clients, KhulnaSoft-hosted PR-Action Pro will use KhulnaSoft’s proprietary models. If this is the case, you will be notified.

- No passive collection of Code and Pull Requests’ data — PR-Action will be active only when you invoke it, and it will then extract and analyze only data relevant to the executed command and queried pull request.


## PR-Action Chrome extension

- The [PR-Action Chrome extension](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/pr-action-chrome-extension/ephlnjeghhogofkifjloamocljapahnl) serves solely to modify the visual appearance of a GitHub PR screen. It does not transmit any user's repo or pull request code. Code is only sent for processing when a user submits a GitHub comment that activates a PR-Action tool, in accordance with the standard privacy policy of PR-Action.
