docs/docs/installation/azure.md, before:

## Azure DevOps Pipeline
You can use a pre-built Action Docker image to run PR-Action as an Azure devops pipeline.
add the following file to your repository under `azure-pipelines.yml`:
```yaml
# Opt out of CI triggers
trigger: none

# Configure PR trigger
pr:
  branches:
    include:
    - '*'
  autoCancel: true
  drafts: false

stages:
- stage: pr_action
  displayName: 'PR Action Stage'
  jobs:
  - job: pr_action_job
    displayName: 'PR Action Job'
    pool:
      vmImage: 'ubuntu-latest'
    container:
      image: khulnasoft/pr-action:latest
      options: --entrypoint ""
    variables:
      - group: pr_action
    steps:
    - script: |
        echo "Running PR Action action step"

        # Construct PR_URL
        PR_URL="${SYSTEM_COLLECTIONURI}${SYSTEM_TEAMPROJECT}/_git/${BUILD_REPOSITORY_NAME}/pullrequest/${SYSTEM_PULLREQUEST_PULLREQUESTID}"
        echo "PR_URL=$PR_URL"

        # Extract organization URL from System.CollectionUri
        ORG_URL=$(echo "$(System.CollectionUri)" | sed 's/\/$//') # Remove trailing slash if present
        echo "Organization URL: $ORG_URL"

        export azure_devops__org="$ORG_URL"
        export config__git_provider="azure"
        
        pr-action --pr_url="$PR_URL" describe
        pr-action --pr_url="$PR_URL" review
        pr-action --pr_url="$PR_URL" improve
      env:
        azure_devops__pat: $(azure_devops_pat)
        openai__key: $(OPENAI_KEY)
      displayName: 'Run PR Action'
```
This script will run PR-Action on every new merge request, with the `improve`, `review`, and `describe` commands.
Note that you need to export the `azure_devops__pat` and `OPENAI_KEY` variables in the Azure DevOps pipeline settings (Pipelines -> Library -> + Variable group):
![PR Action Pro](https://khulnasoft.com/images/pr_action/azure_devops_pipeline_secrets.png){width=468}

Make sure to give pipeline permissions to the `pr_action` variable group.


## Azure DevOps from CLI

To use Azure DevOps provider use the following settings in configuration.toml:
```
[config]
git_provider="azure"
```

Azure DevOps provider supports [PAT token](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/use-personal-access-tokens-to-authenticate?view=azure-devops&tabs=Windows) or [DefaultAzureCredential](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/python/sdk/authentication-overview#authentication-in-server-environments) authentication.
PAT is faster to create, but has build in expiration date, and will use the user identity for API calls. 
Using DefaultAzureCredential you can use managed identity or Service principle, which are more secure and will create separate ADO user identity (via AAD) to the action.

If PAT was chosen, you can assign the value in .secrets.toml. 
If DefaultAzureCredential was chosen, you can assigned the additional env vars like AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET directly, 
or use managed identity/az cli (for local development) without any additional configuration.
in any case, 'org' value must be assigned in .secrets.toml:
```
[azure_devops]
org = "https://dev.azure.com/YOUR_ORGANIZATION/"
# pat = "YOUR_PAT_TOKEN" needed only if using PAT for authentication
```

### Azure DevOps Webhook

To trigger from an Azure webhook, you need to manually [add a webhook](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/service-hooks/services/webhooks?view=azure-devops). 
Use the "Pull request created" type to trigger a review, or "Pull request commented on" to trigger any supported comment with /<command> <args> comment on the relevant PR. Note that for the "Pull request commented on" trigger, only API v2.0 is supported.


For webhook security, create a sporadic username/password pair and configure the webhook username and password on both the server and Azure DevOps webhook. These will be sent as basic Auth data by the webhook with each request:
```
[azure_devops_server]
webhook_username = "<basic auth user>"
webhook_password = "<basic auth password>"
```
> :warning: **Ensure that the webhook endpoint is only accessible over HTTPS** to mitigate the risk of credential interception when using basic authentication.

Commit message:

Pr insight (#44)
* fix conflict

* ls

* update

* Update test_convert_to_markdown.py

Signed-off-by: gitworkflows <118260833+gitworkflows@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update test_codecommit_client.py

Signed-off-by: gitworkflows <118260833+gitworkflows@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update test_convert_to_markdown.py

Signed-off-by: gitworkflows <118260833+gitworkflows@users.noreply.github.com>

---------

Signed-off-by: gitworkflows <118260833+gitworkflows@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/docs/installation/azure.md, after:

## Azure DevOps Pipeline
You can use a pre-built Action Docker image to run PR-Insight as an Azure devops pipeline.
add the following file to your repository under `azure-pipelines.yml`:
```yaml
# Opt out of CI triggers
trigger: none

# Configure PR trigger
pr:
  branches:
    include:
    - '*'
  autoCancel: true
  drafts: false

stages:
- stage: pr_insight
  displayName: 'PR Insight Stage'
  jobs:
  - job: pr_insight_job
    displayName: 'PR Insight Job'
    pool:
      vmImage: 'ubuntu-latest'
    container:
      image: khulnasoft/pr-insight:latest
      options: --entrypoint ""
    variables:
      - group: pr_insight
    steps:
    - script: |
        echo "Running PR Insight action step"

        # Construct PR_URL
        PR_URL="${SYSTEM_COLLECTIONURI}${SYSTEM_TEAMPROJECT}/_git/${BUILD_REPOSITORY_NAME}/pullrequest/${SYSTEM_PULLREQUEST_PULLREQUESTID}"
        echo "PR_URL=$PR_URL"

        # Extract organization URL from System.CollectionUri
        ORG_URL=$(echo "$(System.CollectionUri)" | sed 's/\/$//') # Remove trailing slash if present
        echo "Organization URL: $ORG_URL"

        export azure_devops__org="$ORG_URL"
        export config__git_provider="azure"
        
        pr-insight --pr_url="$PR_URL" describe
        pr-insight --pr_url="$PR_URL" review
        pr-insight --pr_url="$PR_URL" improve
      env:
        azure_devops__pat: $(azure_devops_pat)
        openai__key: $(OPENAI_KEY)
      displayName: 'Run PR Insight'
```
This script will run PR-Insight on every new merge request, with the `improve`, `review`, and `describe` commands.
Note that you need to export the `azure_devops__pat` and `OPENAI_KEY` variables in the Azure DevOps pipeline settings (Pipelines -> Library -> + Variable group):
![PR Insight Pro](https://khulnasoft.com/images/pr_insight/azure_devops_pipeline_secrets.png){width=468}

Make sure to give pipeline permissions to the `pr_insight` variable group.


## Azure DevOps from CLI

To use Azure DevOps provider use the following settings in configuration.toml:
```
[config]
git_provider="azure"
```

Azure DevOps provider supports [PAT token](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/use-personal-access-tokens-to-authenticate?view=azure-devops&tabs=Windows) or [DefaultAzureCredential](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/python/sdk/authentication-overview#authentication-in-server-environments) authentication.
PAT is faster to create, but has build in expiration date, and will use the user identity for API calls. 
Using DefaultAzureCredential you can use managed identity or Service principle, which are more secure and will create separate ADO user identity (via AAD) to the insight.

If PAT was chosen, you can assign the value in .secrets.toml. 
If DefaultAzureCredential was chosen, you can assigned the additional env vars like AZURE_CLIENT_SECRET directly, 
or use managed identity/az cli (for local development) without any additional configuration.
in any case, 'org' value must be assigned in .secrets.toml:
```
[azure_devops]
org = "https://dev.azure.com/YOUR_ORGANIZATION/"
# pat = "YOUR_PAT_TOKEN" needed only if using PAT for authentication
```

### Azure DevOps Webhook

To trigger from an Azure webhook, you need to manually [add a webhook](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/service-hooks/services/webhooks?view=azure-devops). 
Use the "Pull request created" type to trigger a review, or "Pull request commented on" to trigger any supported comment with /<command> <args> comment on the relevant PR. Note that for the "Pull request commented on" trigger, only API v2.0 is supported.


For webhook security, create a sporadic username/password pair and configure the webhook username and password on both the server and Azure DevOps webhook. These will be sent as basic Auth data by the webhook with each request:
```
[azure_devops_server]
webhook_username = "<basic auth user>"
webhook_password = "<basic auth password>"
```
> :warning: **Ensure that the webhook endpoint is only accessible over HTTPS** to mitigate the risk of credential interception when using basic authentication.
