docs/docs/chrome-extension/index.md, before:

## PR-Action chrome extension
PR-Action Chrome extension is a collection of tools that integrates seamlessly with your GitHub environment, aiming to enhance your PR-Action usage experience, and providing additional features.

## Features

### Toolbar extension
With PR-Action Chrome extension, it's [easier than ever](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT5tli7X4H4) to interactively configure and experiment with the different tools and configuration options.

After you found the setup that works for you, you can also easily export it as a persistent configuration file, and use it for automatic commands.

<img src="https://khulnasoft.com/images/pr_action/toolbar1.png" width="512">

<img src="https://khulnasoft.com/images/pr_action/toolbar2.png" width="512">

### PR-Action filters

PR-Action filters is a sidepanel option. that allows you to filter different message in the conversation tab.

For example, you can choose to present only message from PR-Action, or filter those messages, focusing only on user's comments.

<img src="https://khulnasoft.com/images/pr_action/pr_action_filters1.png" width="256">

<img src="https://khulnasoft.com/images/pr_action/pr_action_filters2.png" width="256">


### Enhanced code suggestions

PR-Action Chrome extension adds the following capabilities to code suggestions tool's comments:

- Auto-expand the table when you are viewing a code block, to avoid clipping.
- Adding a "quote-and-reply" button, that enables to address and comment on a specific suggestion (for example, asking the author to fix the issue)


<img src="https://khulnasoft.com/images/pr_action/chrome_extension_code_suggestion1.png" width="512">

<img src="https://khulnasoft.com/images/pr_action/chrome_extension_code_suggestion2.png" width="512">

## Installation

Go to the marketplace and install the extension:
[PR-Action Chrome Extension](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/pr-action-chrome-extension/ephlnjeghhogofkifjloamocljapahnl)

## Pre-requisites

The PR-Action Chrome extension will work on any repo where you have previously [installed PR-Action](https://pr-action-docs.khulnasoft.com/installation/).

## Data privacy and security

The PR-Action Chrome extension only modifies the visual appearance of a GitHub PR screen. It does not transmit any user's repo or pull request code. Code is only sent for processing when a user submits a GitHub comment that activates a PR-Action tool, in accordance with the standard privacy policy of PR-Action.

Commit message:

Pr insight (#44)
* fix conflict

* ls

* update

* Update test_convert_to_markdown.py

Signed-off-by: gitworkflows <118260833+gitworkflows@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update test_codecommit_client.py

Signed-off-by: gitworkflows <118260833+gitworkflows@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update test_convert_to_markdown.py

Signed-off-by: gitworkflows <118260833+gitworkflows@users.noreply.github.com>

---------

Signed-off-by: gitworkflows <118260833+gitworkflows@users.noreply.github.com>

docs/docs/chrome-extension/index.md, after:

## PR-Insight chrome extension
PR-Insight Chrome extension is a collection of tools that integrates seamlessly with your GitHub environment, aiming to enhance your PR-Insight usage experience, and providing additional features.

## Features

### Toolbar extension
With PR-Insight Chrome extension, it's [easier than ever](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gT5tli7X4H4) to interactively configure and experiment with the different tools and configuration options.

After you found the setup that works for you, you can also easily export it as a persistent configuration file, and use it for automatic commands.

<img src="https://khulnasoft.com/images/pr_insight/toolbar1.png" width="512">

<img src="https://khulnasoft.com/images/pr_insight/toolbar2.png" width="512">

### PR-Insight filters

PR-Insight filters is a sidepanel option. that allows you to filter different message in the conversation tab.

For example, you can choose to present only message from PR-Insight, or filter those messages, focusing only on user's comments.

<img src="https://khulnasoft.com/images/pr_insight/pr_insight_filters1.png" width="256">

<img src="https://khulnasoft.com/images/pr_insight/pr_insight_filters2.png" width="256">


### Enhanced code suggestions

PR-Insight Chrome extension adds the following capabilities to code suggestions tool's comments:

- Auto-expand the table when you are viewing a code block, to avoid clipping.
- Adding a "quote-and-reply" button, that enables to address and comment on a specific suggestion (for example, asking the author to fix the issue)


<img src="https://khulnasoft.com/images/pr_insight/chrome_extension_code_suggestion1.png" width="512">

<img src="https://khulnasoft.com/images/pr_insight/chrome_extension_code_suggestion2.png" width="512">

## Installation

Go to the marketplace and install the extension:
[PR-Insight Chrome Extension](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/pr-insight-chrome-extension/ephlnjeghhogofkifjloamocljapahnl)

## Pre-requisites

The PR-Insight Chrome extension will work on any repo where you have previously [installed PR-Insight](https://pr-insight-docs.khulnasoft.com/installation/).

## Data privacy and security

The PR-Insight Chrome extension only modifies the visual appearance of a GitHub PR screen. It does not transmit any user's repo or pull request code. Code is only sent for processing when a user submits a GitHub comment that activates a PR-Insight tool, in accordance with the standard privacy policy of PR-Insight.
